doc: improve user guidance (#7357)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Section describing how to enable Amazon Frustration-Free Setup (FFS) support in :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_device_identification`.
  * Notes to the :ref:`bluetooth_central_dfu_smp` sample document specifying the intended use of the sample.
  * DevAcademy links to the :ref:`index` and :ref:`getting_started` pages.

>   * Additional user guidance to the :ref:`ug_nrf9160_gs` and :ref:`ug_thingy91_gsg` pages and the correspond Developing with pages.
>     This should make it easier for user to know where to go next.

Reviewer: Not sure if we need the second statement.
```suggestion
  * Additional user guidance to the :ref:`ug_nrf9160_gs` and :ref:`ug_thingy91_gsg` pages and the corresponding  Developing with pages.
```

Author: Agreed. Will take out.
